was really good.
God, I'm so hungry.
I wish
I could have a bite
of that Southern fried chicken
before I leave.
Cup noodles for me.
Cup noodles?
Comrade Joo.
The thing about Southern fried chicken--
Where are Cheong-ya and Soo-ho?
Don't tell…
my mother about my death.
You should've waited until he answered.
Isn't it obvious?
They must've split up
to avoid the checkpoints.
What time is it?
We should watch the news. Wake up.
It's time for the news. Guys, wake up.
Guys, the news is about to start!
Hurry up!
Full of indignation about the
opposition party politically exploiting
the hostage situation,
the national tragedy,
and putting taking power
before the innocent students' safety,
I have
decided to reveal the truth
that was kept to the public
as Director Eun Chang-su wished.
Director Eun's only daughter Yeong-ro,
a freshman English Literature major
at Hosu Women's University,
is being held hostage in the dorm.
Every ANSP agent as well as Director Eun
has been fighting
against those Northern spies
as if the hostages were our own children.
-That crazy…
-So how could it
possibly be an election scheme?
Respectable citizens,
the ANSP, the military, and the police
are doing our best to save those innocent
young lives with our sacred duties
as public servants in mind.
Are you out of your mind?
Now that people know
Yeong-ro is my daughter,
I can't get her out first.
That did occur to me, but…
It's not his fault.
I told him to do it.
What if Yeong-ro gets killed?
Enough with Yeong-ro!
I know that 1 a.m. radio show is
for young people,
but it aired nationwide.
Every ANSP office is
getting calls about it!
If you don't put an end to it,
what do you think Code 1 will do to you?
This is Eun Chang-su.
Now people think
it might be an election scheme.
What's taking so long?
You must finish cleaning
and empty the trash can.
But, Mr. President.
The suspicion has grown
that it is an election scheme,
so if we kill all the students,
the opposition party
will make an issue of it
until the end.
So I think it's best
to save the students.
It'll give us an edge in the election.
Please reconsider, sir.
The press is running wild and bashing us,
but you want to release the 33 hostages?
Are you confident
you can keep their mouths shut?
Yes, I will make sure
they keep their mouths shut.
Trust me, sir.
I'll call you back.
So you're trying to save all the students
to save your daughter, is that it?